\section{Motivations}
When observing the histories of the Finite-Difference Time-Domain (FDTD) method, the UNIX operating system, the Lisp and
C programming languages which are ancestors of most other modern programming languages, they look like friends growing
together. The flourishing of UNIX promotes whole computer industry and reduces the cost of numerical simulation. As the
main language in UNIX environment, C gathers many many advocates in campuses with widespread distribution of licneses of
UNIX. Comparing with Assembly Language family, C provides protability and clear code style of Structural Programming
which can also benefit the programs of FDTD simulation.

However, at present all of them become more mature and complex. UNIX and its derivations go beyond campuses and live in
fabrication industries, business corporates, and families. Advocates come from different fields requiring and appending
more abilities on this omnipotent operating system. Bunches of theorem of designing programming languages are developing
on the operating system of rebirth. One of them is concepts of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) introduced in Simula
language of 1960s and reinvestigated in Smalltalk language of 1970s \cite[Sebesta 2008]{sebesta}. Soon after 1980s, OOP
becomes popular on UNIX system along with the implementation on Common Lisp Object System (CLOS) and the birth of C++
and Java in 1983 and 1995 respectively because of the possibility to devided a huge system into small independent
fragments for different programmers. Programmers may not know details of the parts done by others any more but programs
can work with correct invoking of interfaces. Unquestionably, one gaint leap for software developing.

FDTD also had huge advances. Varieties of Absorbing Boundary Conditions and transformation tools for scattering system
are developed during 70s and 80s. Methods for arbitrary material and non-linear systems are also proposed in 90s. Along
with more complex theorems came the obscure formulas. Complications were caused by bundling too many theorems in one
equation and requiring numerous variables in procedural programming environment. Reviewing the evolution of Structural
Programming and Object-Oriented Programming, we know those two problems are targeted by these two Concepts. That is, a
modern FDTD simulator should be designed with modern concepts of programming. Unfortunately, almost all books and
articles about FDTD focus on fundamental theorems and show their algorithms in primitive procedural style like Assembly
languages. Apparently, the skill out-of-date before 30 years ago is bad smell in code. [Kerievsky, 2004]

Indeed, some people notice the inevitability to reform the architecture of FDTD. A well-known implementation, Meep
(\texttt{http://ab-initio.mit.edu/wiki/index.php/Meep}), developed in Massachusetts Institute of Technology shows us the
advantages and roadmap to develop components in high-level languages for reusing. However, lack of Periodic Boundary
Conditions and Plane Wave Source Conditions make it impossible to be used in our environment. No support to OOP also
limits the development of this package. For example, it may be insuperable to replace UPML with CPML in Meep without
considerable changes.

In this thesis, we propose a elegant organization to theorems of FDTD. By applying the concepts of refactoring in OOP
upon Maxwell's equations or Update Equations, formulas are presented in a bunch of small atoms which are easy to
statisfy the concept of Structural Programming. And the way to arrange formulas into different components in OOP would
also rise before our mind. Paradigm of OOP not only help us assemble proper simulation environment with handy components
but also eliminate the obstacle to newbies of FDTD. UPML and CPML can be exchanged in seconds and newcomers may be able
to do a correct simulation without understanding how a Perfectly Matched Layer works.
